You're finally awake.
You've been asleep for three days.
i
I am alive now
What do you think? You saved me.
Nonsense
If it weren't for me, you would have met Lord Yama long ago
What about the two of them?
You are the first to wake up
Tell me what happened.
Who did this to you?
It belongs to the four major families
Four families
What are the four major families?
I know that the four families are the hidden super rich
It is said that their wealth is dozens of times that of the Duan family
Just been hidden behind the scenes
Then why did they attack you?
All because of you
Because of me
He recorded the video of you hitting us before
Then try to beat us to death
Scare me to give you what does this have to do with me?
Because of your gentleman